Atlas Warriors ================================================================= 

Atlas Warriors is an in-development, playable,
roguelike game. It is a roguelike with a minimalist philosphy inspired by Brogue
and ADOM. I have been working on it since around August, 2014.

It is playable at this point, but it’s not finished. Most of the game play is
implemented but it needs more bugfixing, balancing, polishing and maybe a little
more content. It will not be a continuously in development roguelike constantly
getting bigger. Instead, I want it to reach a stage I’m happy with, and move on
(probably using the same engine for another roguelike project). After that
stage, I may continue some work on it (and would actively encourage other people
using it as a basis for mods or their own game) but will only add minimal
content.

The project is released under the MIT license which allows you to use the source
for almost anything. You can also find more information at my website,
http://www.nerdygentleman.com.

Donations enable me to spend more time working on the project. Hopefully, they
will allow me to complete it and provide a useful basis for other projects for
both myself and others. Another good reason would be simply if you had fun
playing it and feel like rewarding me for my work. You can financially support
the development of this project at the moment by pledgie at
https://pledgie.com/campaigns/27179 , paypal donation to
lachlan@nerdygentleman.com or bitcoin donation to
14PgnsEcgqgSrCFxTjVvczfu5Fyh85hjbU

Why call it ‘Atlas Warriors’? Honestly, because it is a horribly generic RPG
name that is not currently in use. I hope to use it as a banner title for other
works within the same world!

Attributions ===================================================================

Parts of the graphics distributed are done so under the Creative Commons
attribution license.

The relevant attributions as required are below:

"Dark Paper Pack" (http://opengameart.org/content/dark-paper-pack)
	by weirdw (http://opengameart.org/users/wierdw)
	modified by Lachlan Kingsford
